README.md, before:

# Fuzzy logic tutorial

This course introduces the use of fuzzy logic algorithms in Python, utilizing the
[`SciKit-Fuzzy`](https://scikit-fuzzy.github.io/scikit-fuzzy/) library.

## Requirements

Python version 3.9, 3.10, or 3.11 (3.12 not yet supported).

## Installation

> [!NOTE]
> This guide assists in setting up JupyterLab and Python dependencies. 
> If you're already comfortable with Python, feel free to use your preferred setup process.

First, fork and clone this repository, or download it manually to your computer. 
Then open a terminal inside the repository and proceed.

### Linux / macOS setup

1. Verify your Python version:

```bash
python3 --version
```

2. Create a virtual environment:

```bash
python3 -m venv venv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

### Windows setup

For Windows, it is recommended to use Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) and apply the same steps from above.

### Installing libraries

With the virtual environment activated, install the required dependencies:

```bash
pip install --upgrade pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install jupyterlab
```

To start JupyterLab:

```bash
jupyter lab
```

This command should open a local web interface for JupyterLab, where you can access the tutorial notebooks.

### Docker

If you encounter issues with the setup above, you can use [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to run the environment.

1. Build the Docker Image

This command will build a Docker image and install the necessary libraries:

```bash
docker build -t fuzzy-notebook:latest .
```

2. Run the Docker Container:

Use the following command to start the JupyterLab server in a Docker container:

```bash
docker run -it --rm -p 10000:8888 -v "${PWD}":/home/jovyan/work fuzzy-notebook:latest
```

3. Access JupyterLab:

Open your browser and go to http://localhost:10000/lab?token=YOUR_TOKEN_IN_CONSOLE. 
Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_IN_CONSOLE` with the token displayed in your terminal after running the container. 


## Tutorials

This course includes two tutorial notebooks:

* **01_FuzzyControlSystem.ipynb**: Introduction to fuzzy control systems.
* **02_FuzzyClustering.ipynb**: Introduction to fuzzy clustering techniques.

Work through these notebooks in order.

## Deliverable

After completing the tutorials, create your own Jupyter notebook applying one of the approaches to a problem.

1. **Select a domain**: choose a domain related to your group project (if already available) or a personal interest. 
2. **Create and name your notebook**: experiment with the chosen approach and save your notebook as `03_<YourProjectName>.ipynb`. 
3. **Push to your repository**: upload your completed notebook to your GitHub repository

Commit message:

feat: add Licence from scikit-fuzzy

README.md, after:

# Fuzzy logic tutorial

This tutorial is part of the course Fuzzy Sets and Systems 
for the Swiss Joint Master of Science in Computer Science. 
It introduces the use of fuzzy logic algorithms in Python, 
utilizing the [`SciKit-Fuzzy`](https://scikit-fuzzy.github.io/scikit-fuzzy/) library.

The tutorial instructions are based on examples provided by the scikit-fuzzy library.

## Requirements

Python version 3.9, 3.10, or 3.11 (3.12 not yet supported).

## Installation

> [!NOTE]
> This guide assists in setting up JupyterLab and Python dependencies. 
> If you're already comfortable with Python, feel free to use your preferred setup process.

First, fork and clone this repository, or download it manually to your computer. 
Then open a terminal inside the repository and proceed.

### Linux / macOS setup

1. Verify your Python version:

```bash
python3 --version
```

2. Create a virtual environment:

```bash
python3 -m venv venv
```

3. Activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

### Windows setup

For Windows, it is recommended to use Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) and apply the same steps from above.

### Installing libraries

With the virtual environment activated, install the required dependencies:

```bash
pip install --upgrade pip
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install jupyterlab
```

To start JupyterLab:

```bash
jupyter lab
```

This command should open a local web interface for JupyterLab, where you can access the tutorial notebooks.

### Docker

If you encounter issues with the setup above, you can use [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to run the environment.

1. Build the Docker Image

This command will build a Docker image and install the necessary libraries:

```bash
docker build -t fuzzy-notebook:latest .
```

2. Run the Docker Container:

Use the following command to start the JupyterLab server in a Docker container:

```bash
docker run -it --rm -p 10000:8888 -v "${PWD}":/home/jovyan/work fuzzy-notebook:latest
```

3. Access JupyterLab:

Open your browser and go to http://localhost:10000/lab?token=YOUR_TOKEN_IN_CONSOLE. 
Replace `YOUR_TOKEN_IN_CONSOLE` with the token displayed in your terminal after running the container. 


## Tutorials

Start with the [Introduction](./Introduction.md), which provides an overview 
of fuzzy logic concepts and terminology. This is recommended as the first step.

This course includes two tutorial notebooks:

* **01_FuzzyControlSystem.ipynb**: Introduction to fuzzy control systems.
* **02_FuzzyClustering.ipynb**: Introduction to fuzzy clustering techniques.

Work through these notebooks in order.

## Deliverable

After completing the tutorials, create your own Jupyter notebook applying one of the approaches to a problem.

1. **Select a domain**: choose a domain related to your group project (if already available) or a personal interest. 
2. **Create and name your notebook**: experiment with the chosen approach and save your notebook as `03_<YourProjectName>.ipynb`. 
3. **Push to your repository**: upload your completed notebook to your GitHub repository
